so to make your iphone louder
go to settings music and find the
equalizer
it's called eq in the menu the late
night option will make your phone around
louder than it used to be if you deal
with signing many documents
this hack can help you sign them without
printing or scanning
take a snapshot of the document then tap
the screenshot to make edits
tap the plus button in the right lower
corner choose the signature button in
the toolbar
and here we go sign your document with
your finger
and save the changes by pressing done
and i'm done
to record a video without being noticed
go to camera
start recording then go back to the
notification center
the video will be recording but it won't
be seen on the screen
well that's sneaky you can also create a
unique vibration for any of your
contacts
go to settings then sounds and open the
ringtone
settings iphones are usually set to a
default vibration
but you'll see the custom section if you
scroll down a bit
tap any rhythm that you like and save it
you can save it for any of your contacts
it'd be even cooler if you could make
the actual person vibrate
but maybe that's a future update if
customized vibration
isn't enough and you still miss your
aunt tilda's calls
try to customize the flash turn it on as
an additional notification
for incoming calls go to general
settings
choose the accessibility section and
head to hearing
turn on the led flash for alerts you'll
never miss that call again
i know you must have dozens of tabs open
in your browser
or maybe a hundred to close them all in
one touch
hold the done button in the left lower
corner
and choose the close all x tabs i closed
last time if you accidentally closed all
the tabs
and need to go back to some of the
recent ones hold the plus button in the
middle
it will open the list of recently closed
tabs so all you gotta do
is scroll down to find the one you
didn't want to close
whenever you need to choose more than
one icon tap
and hold one icon and with another
finger add
all the other icons that you need now
this won't work if you have an iphone 6
or
older the newest iphones have a super
convenient feature that helps you go
from one application to another
look at that line on the bottom of the
screen slide left or right
and find the app that you need no more
double clicking and notification center
your iphone timer is much more useful
than it seems
if you like falling asleep to your
favorite music
or to a youtube video as i do
go to clock tap the timer and select the
win the time end
section scroll down until you see the
stop playing button
this feature shuts down all the media
apps such as music
windows that play sounds or videos and
even the youtube app
pretty handy if you've ever woken up at
3am in the middle of some random video
that autoplayed
we're all used to messengers but live
messages are fun
press the send button to add different
wow effects to your message
the bubble section has four features
invisible ink makes it impossible to
read the message
unless you wipe it with a finger slide
the finger from right to left
back and forth to clear them with the
gentle effect
the letters seemed really tiny at the
start but they grow
larger the loud effect is the opposite
it makes the messages pop at the start
so they appear way larger
but the size goes back to normal in a
few seconds
the slam effect speaks for itself the
message
literally slams the screen the screen
effects button is fun too
for example it has echo so your friend's
screen will be overwhelmed with echoing
texts
slide right for more such as spotlight
balloons confetti
love lasers fireworks shooting star
and even celebration there are many
different effects
so there's definitely one for the
touching text you're about to send
hold the space button in the notes this
way you can easily slide across the
keyboard to get to any part of the text
if you like typing with one hand only
it's high time you set the right
keyboard
while topping hold the globe button you
probably never noticed these three
keyboards before
but in fact the one on the left is used
when you type
holding your phone in the left hand only
the one in the middle is if you hold it
with both hands
and the one on the right is if you type
holding the phone in your right hand
if you like writing long romantic
letters in your notes
but don't want anyone to read them
except the person you know
set a pass to your notes there are two
ways to do that
depending on what iphone model you have
for iphone
6 slide from right to left and you'll
see
three icons lock folder and bin
use the bin if the romantic letter is
terrible
and the lock to protect it from peaking
eyes set the pass
but make sure you actually remember it
since you can't delete it
if this didn't work just tap and hold
the note itself
and you'll see the password bar in the
drop menu
set the pass and from now on nobody will
know about the romantic letters to jane
that you're writing at night
the newest models of iphone support the
coolest feature ever
now you can make a screenshot of the
whole browser page in one
file to do this press the volume up
button at the same time as the power
button
if you need to find a unique word
combination while
reading an online article go to the
search bar
and type the word you're interested in
you'll see three sections
google search don't need it bookmarks
and history
don't need it and on this page
tap here the word you need is going to
be highlighted in yellow
plus there will be a special navigation
bar on the bottom
with arrows to quickly find the keyword
now don't forget to refresh your iphone
operative memory every now and again it
can help your device work better and
faster
to do so go to settings general
accessibility
assistive touch and turn it on press
plus then minus and then the power
button
you'll see the power off bar press the
assistive touch and hold the home button
the operative memory is refreshed now if
you see the enter pass notification
after you did it it means you did it
right
give yourself a pat on the back
assistive touch can also help you set
new functions to simple tabs
go to settings general accessibility and
in the assistive touch section you can
change any commands in the custom
actions menu
i chose the screenshot for a double tap
since a home
plus power button seems a bit
inconvenient
to make a screenshot tap the
accessibility menu circle
twice the iphone font has different
sizes
to make it bigger or smaller go to the
display and brightness section in
settings tap the text size and adjust it
the way you like
iphones may not have the most durable
batteries but they beat everyone when it
comes to photo quality
turn on the grid in the camera settings
go to general
choose camera to enable the grid that
can help you make better compositions
by the way people with iphones don't
need a separate app for qr
readers since all iphones have them
built in
turn on the camera and point to the code
you'll see the pop-up window on top of
the screen
tap the window and you'll go straight to
the browser to whatever link the qr code
had
if it doesn't work enable the scan qr
codes function in
camera settings you can actually set any
song you like for the alarm clock
go to alarm and press edit in the right
upper corner
tap the alarm where you want to change
the melody in the sound section
choose pick a song and go for any song
added to your library disclaimer your
best love song will probably turn into
your most hated song
a couple of days after setting it for
your alarm one of the most hated
problems of all iphone users
is when you run out of memory even if
you delete
photos there's still not enough space go
to settings
iphone storage and make sure that
recently deleted photos are
actually deleted if not delete them in
the storage sections
note that your messages can contain
massive files too
so you can restrict how long the message
can be stored
in the message history tap the keep
messages button
it's forever by default but you can keep
them for one year or
even only 30 days have fun with that